=================================================================
From: Juan
To: Cigdem, Daniela, Nurfikri, James, Jiahang, Katharina, Nathan
Date: 13/3/2015
=================================================================

A summary of what we discussed today.

We have been making very good process, and now the parton level analysis of
the signal seems to be nicely understood and under control. We need to
regenerate the signal samples with the correct mH value and with more
statistics, but this can be done in the background, Nathan is taking care of
it.

We agreed that the next crucial step is to repeat the analysis of parton level
signal events and redo all the various kinematic plots and the categorization
but using the same final analysis strategy that will be used later for hadron
level events, including b-tagging, mass-drop fat jet tagging, all the various
analysis cuts etc. This way we will have a very clean and robust baseline for
the next step, which is adding the parton shower. We need to add the
intermediate category, but this should be a trivial extension of the boosted
analysis.

We also agreed to optimize the three categories separately, and not to make
them exclusive, to mimic what will happen in the ATLAS analysis. So using the
final analysis chain we aim to optimize the three categories separately (so in
particular different values of R etc will be used).

So the basic homework is to redo the various plots that were shown today,
including the categorization and overall efficiency plots, but using the
complete analysis strategy (so accounting for the various b-tagging and MDT
efficiencies). This will be done with and without smearing (in the former
case, agreed to smear the full four-vector).

We also agreed to participate in the CERN's HL-LHC physics workshop
https://indico.cern.ch/event/360104/
and hopefully be able to present our results there - the speaker would be
either Katharina, Nathan or James.

