=================================================================
From: Juan
To: Cigdem, Daniela, Nurfikri, James, Jiahang, Katharina, Nathan
Date: 27/2/2015
=================================================================

This is the summary of our DiHiggs meeting this morning.

We agreed that to understand some peculiar features of our current analysis
(like the lack of mass peak in the subleading Higgs in the boosted analysis)
we will go back one step and perform the same analysis but at the parton
level, to minimize the complications from parton shower, hadronization etc,
this will allow us to have a clearer picture of our situation.

For signal samples nothing needs to be done, for bkg samples Nathan will
generate them since the ones we have now are at hadron level, and this will
take some days of running.

Now, we also agreed to have a unified strategy in which we classify each event
as boosted, semi-boosted or resolved, and use the corresponding analysis
strategy, instead of focusing only on boosted *or* resolved.

To test that things are in the right direction, we agreed to have a plot of
the signal tagging efficiency as a function of the Higgs pt decomposed in the
three categories: boosted, resolved and semi-boosted. The overall sum of this
categories should be robust wrt for example the choice of jet radius. Since we
are doing this at parton level, we should be able to spot if there is any
problem in the analysis strategy. This is exactly what I did in my paper with
Gavin

http://inspirehep.net/record/1225656?ln=en

See in particular Fig 4, we want to reproduce this for our process at hand.
First of all we do it for the signal, and then once the samples are available
we include the background as well.

Of course we should always use the identical analysis strategy, irrespective
of whether we have partons or hadrons in the final state.

Once the parton level picture is cleaner, we will go back to the hadron level
and try, among other things, to test how the S/sqrt(B) improves if we can
improve the smearing of the pt of the jets, which seems to be now one of the
limiting factors. Cigdem will send a around a parametrization of the smearing
as a function of pt, and we can play with reducing the normalization of this
parametrization, to see how optimistic we can be.

We also agreed that Nathan, James and Katharina will add to the documentation
a short section describing exactly the baseline analysis strategy and the key
plots, so that discussing the results on the meeting next Friday will be more
efficient.

Last but not least, Katharina is also studying the impact of double b-tagging,
but at least in our process at hand this does not seem to be a major
improvement, but more studies in this point are required. 
